Will schools be different in the future, darling?
Yes, they will. In 20 years' time, maybe there won't be any schools.
How will students learn then?
Everyone will study at home. Students will use computers and get information on the internet.
They can ask their teachers questions by internet, telephone or email.
Well, I'm not sure. Yes, students will use computers, but school is good fun.
And you can make friends there. And teachers can check the students level and will help them.
Computers won't be able to do that.
Yes, teachers won't use chalk on a blackboard, and students won't use pens and paper or erases anymore.
Great! Will students have a lot of homework to do?
No, they won't. They'll have a lot of free time. That'll be great!